README.md, before:

# JSOTemplate

[![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-stable-blue.svg)](https://JuliaSmoothOptimizers.github.io/JSOTemplate.jl/stable)
[![Dev](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-dev-blue.svg)](https://JuliaSmoothOptimizers.github.io/JSOTemplate.jl/dev)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/JuliaSmoothOptimizers/JSOTemplate.jl/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/JuliaSmoothOptimizers/JSOTemplate.jl/actions)
[![Build Status](https://api.cirrus-ci.com/github/JuliaSmoothOptimizers/JSOTemplate.jl.svg)](https://cirrus-ci.com/github/JuliaSmoothOptimizers/JSOTemplate.jl)
[![Coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/JuliaSmoothOptimizers/JSOTemplate.jl/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/JuliaSmoothOptimizers/JSOTemplate.jl)

This is a template/skeleton for JSO packages.
It should be used for new packages, and as a reference for changes in existing packages.

## Things to change

- Project.toml: name and uuid
- LICENSE.md: Check if MPL-v2 is the correct choice

## How to Cite

If you use JSOTemplate.jl in your work, please cite using the format given in [CITATION.cff](https://github.com/JuliaSmoothOptimizers/JSOTemplate.jl/blob/main/CITATION.cff).

## Bug reports and discussions

If you think you found a bug, feel free to open an [issue](https://github.com/JuliaSmoothOptimizers/JSOTemplate.jl/issues).
Focused suggestions and requests can also be opened as issues. Before opening a pull request, start an issue or a discussion on the topic, please.

If you want to ask a question not suited for a bug report, feel free to start a discussion [here](https://github.com/JuliaSmoothOptimizers/Organization/discussions). This forum is for general discussion about this repository and the [JuliaSmoothOptimizers](https://github.com/JuliaSmoothOptimizers) organization, so questions about any of our packages are welcome.

Commit message:

Initial modifications template (#1)
* initial modifications template

* modif citation and docs

README.md, after:

# Scaling

[![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-stable-blue.svg)](https://JuliaSmoothOptimizers.github.io/Scaling.jl/stable)
[![Dev](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-dev-blue.svg)](https://JuliaSmoothOptimizers.github.io/Scaling.jl/dev)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/JuliaSmoothOptimizers/JSOTemplate.jl/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/JuliaSmoothOptimizers/Scaling.jl/actions)
[![Build Status](https://api.cirrus-ci.com/github/JuliaSmoothOptimizers/Scaling.jl.svg)](https://cirrus-ci.com/github/JuliaSmoothOptimizers/Scaling.jl)
[![Coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/JuliaSmoothOptimizers/Scaling.jl/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/JuliaSmoothOptimizers/Scaling.jl)

This package provides scaling algorithms for matrices.

## Bug reports and discussions

If you think you found a bug, feel free to open an [issue](https://github.com/JuliaSmoothOptimizers/Scaling.jl/issues).
Focused suggestions and requests can also be opened as issues. Before opening a pull request, start an issue or a discussion on the topic, please.

If you want to ask a question not suited for a bug report, feel free to start a discussion [here](https://github.com/JuliaSmoothOptimizers/Organization/discussions). This forum is for general discussion about this repository and the [JuliaSmoothOptimizers](https://github.com/JuliaSmoothOptimizers) organization, so questions about any of our packages are welcome.
